---
title: Workflows
description: Resolver has several intended workflows that inform how to use the commands.
navigation:
  icon: hugeicons:workflow-circle-04
---

## Why workflows?

I built the Resolver commands with several small workflows in mind to help boost the content creation process and eliminate tedious steps. I wanted to provide this page so that you could read and understand those workflows so as to best use the CLI.

## Assumptions

Keep in mind: I am a developer, so I like to do developer-friendly workflows. There are a few takeaways for you to consider:

1. I like each Da Vinci Resolve project to be totally self-contained; each Da Vinci Resolve project only references its own, self-contained files in its own dedicated project folder.
2. All project folders live in a central project repository/folder.
2. I backup each project by saving the project backup file inside of its own folder.
3. I have a centralized export/publish folder where I send all render artifacts to once I finish editing a project.
4. I have a centralized archive folder where I zip and compress each project into a zip folder and then copy that zip folder into the central archive.

## Initialize config settings

These workflows require settings to be initialized in Resolver's config, so make sure to follow the [installation config setup](/getting-started/installation#setup-config) first.

Then, you need to set the config settings for your config profile. See [config](/essentials/config) for details on the settings.

## Workflow list

Below are the typical workflows that I use with Resolver:

### Project Scaffold Workflow

Each time I setup a new project, I want:

- The project to have its own project folder in the central project repository.
- The project to have a certain subfolder hierarchy automatically created.

The [scaffold project command](/essentials/api#scaffold-project) does this for me nicely now.

### Project Export Workflow

When I create render artifacts for a project, I always save the artifacts to the project's internal exports folder. But I then want to take those render artifacts and publish them to my central exports/publish folder, so I use the [export project command](/essentials/api#export-project).

### Project Archive Workflow

When I am finished with a project, I want to archive it by copying the project folder into a zip folder, compressing it, and sending that zip folder to the central archive repository, so I use the [archive project command](/essentials/api#archive-project).