---
title: Introduction
description: Welcome to the Resolver documentation.
navigation:
  icon: i-lucide-house
seo:
  title: Introduction
  description: Learn about the Resolver CLI and how it helps your content creation workflow.
---

## What is Resolver?

Welcome to **Resolver**, a small, cross-platform CLI utility tool for content creation assistance with Da Vinci Resolve.

::youtube-embed-container
<iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/3wdgzWog3yo?si=BNFECXiWad_ggxk7" title="YouTube video player" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture; web-share" referrerpolicy="strict-origin-when-cross-origin" allowfullscreen></iframe>
::

## Why build Resolver?

As a [bootstrapped solopreneur and startup founder](https://www.solopreneur.sh), I have begun realizing the value of content creation to market both myself and the apps that I build. Knowing very little about video editing, I stumbled across the Da Vinci Resolve video editing software to help me create videos for social media and app promotion.

I'm quite a fan of Da Vinci Resolve, but I noticed that my workflow with it has a great deal of inefficiencies. In particular, I am not a fan of the way that Da Vinci Resolve assumes you setup and manage projects through a local database storage. As a developer, I'm used to the "developer way" of doing things where you have separate git repos for separate projects and each project is nice and self-contained; think of a dotnet app with `.csproj` files or a NodeJS app.

This is somewhat possible to do with Da Vince Resolve, but it's tedious and rather annoying to execute for project after project. Da Vinci Resolve wasn't quite setup with this idea in mind, so Resolver is my attempt to give it a more "developer-friendly" workflow.

## Key Features

Resolver can assist with several annoyances in content creation with Da Vinci Resolve:

- Quickly scaffold a new project.
- Quickly export render artifacts from inside a project to a central export/publish folder.
- Quickly archive (zip and compress) a project and store the zip in a central archive folder.
- Setup config file for easy target defaults (makes commands quick and easy).
- Config file provides multiple **profiles** so you can switch content creation from one profile/personna to another.
