---
title: Installation
description: Install Resolver and setup the config.
navigation:
  icon: i-lucide-download
seo:
  description: Get started with Resolver.
  title: Installation
---

## Install Resolver

Resolver is a cross-platform CLI available on Windows, Mac, and Linux for both `64bit` and `arm64` architectures.

To install Resolver, copy the appropriate script below and run it in your terminal:

::code-group

```bash [Windows]
irm https://raw.githubusercontent.com/DMiradakis/resolver/main/scripts/install.ps1 | iex
```

```bash [Mac]
curl -fsSL https://raw.githubusercontent.com/DMiradakis/resolver/main/scripts/install.sh | bash
```

```bash [Linux]
curl -fsSL https://raw.githubusercontent.com/DMiradakis/resolver/main/scripts/install.sh | bash
```

::

:::note
If you're unsure of running these scripts, just copy the URL to your browser and inspect their contents for yourself.
:::

These bootstrapper scripts will download the appropriate binary for your OS and processor architecture and install the app to PATH.

If you would prefer to manually download the binary yourself, checkout the [latest Release page](https://github.com/DMiradakis/resolver/releases) on the GitHub repo and download the appropriate binary for your OS and processor architecture. Make sure to add the app to your PATH so you can easily call it in your terminal.

## Setup config

Once Resolver is installed and added to your PATH, you need to setup the `resolver.config.json` file to use the config defaults for your commands.

::steps

### Initialize config file

```bash [Terminal]
resolver config init
```

This command creates a new `resolver.config.json` file in the app's install directory.

### Create a new profile

The config file holds an object of unique profile names. The actual config settings are stored per-profile, so first you need to create a profile before you save any settings.

```bash [Terminal]
resolver config profile init my-profile
```

### Set active profile

In order to use any of the commands, you always need an active config profile set. To do so, activate your new profile with the command below:

```bash [Terminal]
resolver config profile set my-profile
```

### Inspect config

Now inspect your config file to ensure your new profile has been created and activated.

```bash [Terminal]
resolver config inspect
```

::

## Updates

At the moment, Resolver does not have an update command - that will likely be shipped in an upcoming version. In the meantime, to get the latest version of Resolver, just run the same installation script again. The `resolver.config.json` will not be deleted during updates, so you should not have to recreate the config file after an update.